### Hi there 👋

## **Current Work**

- Aug 2021 - May 2022 Managing / mentoring university team of five students for a full-stack web app senior software engineering project.

- Jan - May 2022 Managing / mentoring a full-stack software engineer intern for maintenance phase of an internal tool web application. 

- Leading transition to Git and GitHub for modernization of company-wide software engineering workflow. 

- Leading development of a continuous integration and testing process for high-priority safety critical embedded software development project.

- Implementing changes for a high-priority safety critical embedded software development project. 

## **Recent Accomplishments**

- Mar 2022 

    - Developed proof-of-concept of replacing PI controllers with a model generated by reinforcement learning. 

    - Contributed to revision of functional safety software engineering process.
    - Conducted informal survey of software engineering team using the informal survay of the application of IEC 61508-3.
    - Wrote detailed informal survey of the application of IEC 61508-3 Software Safety Lifecycle Requirements.
    - Wrote informal survey of the application of IEC 61508 Functional Safety standard. 
    - Resolved build issues with a legacy C++ desktop software project to ensure continuity. 

- Feb 2022

    - Implemented Continuous Integration process for .NET Core + Angular web applications.

    - Created onboaring guides to aid transition of software engineering team members and stakeholders to GitHub.  
    - Facilitated adoption of GitHub Enterprise and initial configuration of the account.
    - Evaluated major git-based version control providers for adoption.


- Jan 2022
    
    - Implemented Git-based software develoment workflow for web app development.
    
    - Presented an initiative to reduce technical debt and increase safety and efficiency in the software engineering processes.

- Dec 2021 

    - Developed a proof-of-concept of a method for automated hardware-in-the-loop testing of CAN communications.
 
- Oct 2021 Pitched and received approval to develop and present an initiative to reduce technical debt and promote innovation in processes.
- June 2021 Developed a solution for implementing continuous integration for TI C2000-based embedded software projects.
- June 2021 Developed a solution for off-target testing of TI C2000-based embedded software projects. 
- Oct 2020 - Apr 2021 Developed a .NET Core + Angular web app to aid the engineering change control process.
- July 2020 Developed and presented a proof-of-concept for hardware-in-the-loop testing of TI C2000 embedded software.
- May - Aug 2020 Developed a proof-of-concept of a .NET Core + Angular application paired with a hardware fixture for test automation. 
- 2020 Published an academic paper on classification of text using artificial neural networks as a coauthor.

## **Continuous Education**

### **In-Progress**

- Studying the applicaton of the IEC 61508 Functional Safety standard using advanced tools.

- Studying the generation of better performing models to replace certain PI controller implementations.
- Course: Designing Embedded Software for Change by Emebedded Artistry.  

### **Recent**

- Proprietary Hero Training covering:

    - CAN Communications

    - Resolvers


<!--
**EngJay/EngJay** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
